# Components of AI agents

Agents are composed of various components. These include:

- Agents
- Tools

## Agents

In AutoGen, there are two types of agents:

- Conversable Agent
- User Proxy Agent
- Assistant Agent
- Group Chat Manager Agent

### Conversable Agent

This is the base type of agent available in AutoGen. The core functionality of a Conversable Agent is being able to interact with other agents through messages. 

### Assistant Agent

An Assistant Agent uses language models such as GPT to solve problems. Using these language models, Assistant Agents can:

- Write code to solve a problem
- Evaluate code execution results
- Suggest corrections and bug fixes. 

### User Proxy Agent

A User Proxy agent is an agent that interacts with human users. By default, these agents solicit user input at each turn of the conversation. Additionally, User Proxy Agents can:

- Trigger code execution
- Generate replies using a language model

## Group Chat Manager

A Group Chat Manager is an agent that manages the interactions between various agents. With a Group Chat Manager, you can define the strategy for choosing the next agent to use during a conversation

## Tools

Agents can make use of tools to complete tasks. 

Some examples of these tools include:

- **Local functions** - Enable agents to use code you've already written in your application. 
- **Code interpreters** - Run code generated by agents to solve a problem.
- **Knowledge-bases** - Augment the context and knowledge of your agents by providing it access to data sources. These data sources can include web search engines and databases. 

## Additional Resources

- [AutoGen tool use examples](https://microsoft.github.io/autogen/docs/Examples/#tool-use)